Readme File

**ROGUE INVADER v 5.01 PRESS DEMO**
Developed by Squishy Games, 2015
EMAIL: marketing@squishygames.com
Twitter: @SquishyGamesCo


Thank you for taking the time to check out Rogue Invader.  We
have worked hard on it for the last 8 months, and we hope the effort is
evident.

There are three playable areas after dropping to the surface.
After passing the bridge, the game will automatically return you to
the carrier.  If you find yourself dying quickly, and we hope you do,
you may press '0' in the top key row (above O & P, the keypad 0 will 
not work) to make yourself invincible and parade through the level.

The carrier is mostly functional.  Research is not enabled in the Labs
yet, but it should be fairly easy to understand what the purpose is:
unlock mods and things.  We have provided unlocked so you can 
sample them.

We are aware there are a few things that need to be locked down with the
horizon--and we assure you they will be: aliens walking through the air
and over chasms you cannot are not our idea of fun and will not stay.

The music at the opening menu is an original piece by Caleb Blood, and 
he will provide the rest of the sound track and sound effects.  You 
can learn more about him here: http://calebblood.com/.  He's studied 
under and ghost-written for some of the best composers in Hollywood.
We're proud to have him on our team.

In the next few months before release we will be focusing on creating
the remaining 8 playable areas, cutscenes to drive storyline, bug-squashing,
and tightening the AI.

We've already been Greenlit by Steam and are aiming for a release in 
early November 2015.  Our Kickstarter will be launching on 18 August at 1000
EDT, and we'd appreciate you being willing to hold any preview articles until
that date.  If you'd like to check out our Kickstarter page ahead of time,
the link is https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/squishygames/1788579563?token=05251453.

We appreciate you taking the time to play our game.  If you have 
questions or suggestions for us, please don't hesitate to email or tweet
us. (marketing@squishygames.com, @SquishyGamesCo)

--Nathan & Lee J
Nathan Rees
Lee J Hinkle
Squishy Games